Her low freak bitches.
So I'm fascinated by your general program,
like what you're doing all day with all this stuff.
Like what's,
what's the current Joe Program?
Well,
I'm always doing something,
you know.
And in terms of like diet you mean?
Or in terms of like the workout,
what's the Diet?
What's the meditation?
What's the main tenants of your day?
Well,
my workout,
I schedule every Sunday.
I schedule everything that I'm going to do during the week.
And I say I have to do yoga two times this week.
I have to lift weights three times this week.
I have to run twice this week.
And however I fit that in,
I fit that in.
But I owe those things.
Okay.
So I have to get those things in.
The only exceptions are injuries and sickness.
So those,
that,
that's the,
the,
the schedule.
And then on top of that,
uh,
there's other things that I enjoy doing.
Kickboxing,
Jujitsu,
work those in when I can.
Then,
um,
diet.
The Diet is pretty strict in terms of like no bread,
very few carbs,
no sugar,
no bullshit,
like healthy food.
A lot of vegetables.
Lots of meat game meat,
mostly wild game,
and I take vitamin supplements every day.
I take multivitamins,
I take probiotics,
I take a vitamin B,
12 and D and a lot of different things.
I just,
um,
I do everything that I can to put my body and my brain in a good place so that
I'm keeping my engine smooth.
I'm changing my oil,
I'm changing my spark plugs.
I'm making sure that it's operating.
I mean,
it's not going to be perfect,
but yeah,
I know that I've done my best to keep it working the best that it can.
That who's the person that advises you on like nutrition because our guy who
taught you how to do it,
how do you do it?
Well,
there's a ton of people that I've used as a resource.
Um,
there's a woman that I have on the podcast on a regular basis.
Her name is Doctor Rhonda Patrick,
and she's probably the best resource.
Like I sent her something the other day on some new,
some new study on saturated fats.
Like whenever I,
there's some sort of an issue.
There's a new study on cryotherapy or Saunas.
So like,
uh,
the Saunders are incredibly effective.
I don't know if you ever just sauna.
So with the UV rays or what is it?
The um,
what,
what is it called?
Not Ultraviolet.
Infrared.
Thank you.
Right?
Yeah,
we just got one of those Saunas are giant,
you know,
the raising of the body temperature like that and a heat shock proteins,
incredibly beneficial to your body.
There was a study that they put out recently that showed a 40% decrease in
mortality from all causes due to people who take regular sauna.
Like it just literally keeps your body healthier.
Having that massive exposure to heat and the,
your body producing these heat shock proteins,
it just,
it,
it reduces inflammation.
It just,
it helps in so many different areas for people and it's just,
you know,
sit down in the hot room.
It's really good for your body.
Regular is how many times a week?
Um,
for Sauna,
I think they were saying four times a week.
Oh,
but I mean,
how hard is that man?
Just force yourself to sit in it.
I mean,
if you have it at home and particular,
sure.
I've got your gym.
Just go there and sit in that fucker for 15 minutes.
It doesn't take long.
Well,
I mean I have to get all this written up.
I'm going to,
how about this?
I do everything you do.
We make that a special.
It's the Judd does Joe's programs.
You have to gear up.
I got a bulk up.
I got,
well I may have already booked up.
Build up like your,
your joints and all that stuff's got to get used to that kind of a pounding.
Yeah,
there's a lot.
Lot of shit is going to be happening if you want to do everything I do,
so I can't just do 12 pounds on a freeway.
You just said you don't want,
I mean it's not even,
you don't,
you're not going to want to do everything.
I do.
Yeah.
Like I have a friend who runs ultra marathons and I just started running
recently within the last couple of months.
I'm not running a fucking ultra marathon.
I'm not doing everything.
He,
I'll do everything you do.
I would break.
It would break my feet,
my knees.
Yeah.
You gotta just build up,
you gotta to have time to,
yes.
There's something about,
you know,
when you run TV shows,
it's all freaking day every day.
So people will say,
when do you work out?
I'm like,
there's no time.
What am I going to wake up at five in the morning and putting two and a half
hours?
Like I drive my kids to school at seven 40.
That's one thing.
You don't need two and a half hours.
Yeah.
You could get a great workout and in 40 minutes and that's all you need for the
whole day.
100%.
You really can't,
especially if you run like I run hills and um,
I can get it done in a half an hour,
like a fucking brutal workout,
a two mile brutal hill climbing workout in half hour,
I'm exhausted.
Yeah.
You know,
this idea of time,
like how much time did you put in today?
Like you could work out in a bullshit manner for two hours and not get nearly as
much done as you can for a half hour.
Hard just running.
We're like interval training.
Yeah,
yeah.
Sprints and then relax,
then sprints again.
But uh,
I just think being active and doing something on a daily basis,
forcing your body to get used to the fact that it's going to constantly being,
be working constantly being under stress,
and then it just,
it gives you more energy.
It's like you,
you have more of a gas tank,
you have more enthusiasm for things.
That's the scary part about Trump.
His theory on exercises.
You only have so much energy per day and he thinks that exercise uses it up.
Yeah.
And so he doesn't ever exercise.
That's got to come back out of it someplace.
Not fucking 70.
I mean,
how was it?
And I come back at him already,
but he also,
I mean he's,
he's not mitigating stress.
That's part of it.
Is Your perspective enhancing?
For me the most important thing about,
I don't know,
maybe they're not the most important thing.
One of the best things about exercise is that it gives me a perspective,
a better,
a more enhanced perspective.
Cause I know I'm not coming at it from a stressful body.
Like my body is not tense so I can come at things in a calm way.
I've drained all the bullshit out of my interesting.
Yeah.
And Are you doing meditation or what are you doing in that way?
I have a sensory deprivation tank.
Yeah.
So I do most of my meditation in that you do an ultra climb and yeah,
a climb in and I float.
Yeah.
I love that.
That's one of my favorite.
You ever do it?
Uh,
no.
I can imagine you must,
especially for you because you're working on things all the time.
Like if you go in there with an idea,
like I'll go in there with a bit,
like I've got this bit that I'm working on right now,
that's kind of complicated.
And uh,
uh,
sometimes I'll just be sitting there staring at the wall just thinking about
this one bit because I'm trying to figure out how to,
how to structure it.
It's super complicated bit.
And I'll go in that tank and I'll just sit there for an hour.
I'll just try to work out this bit and tried to figure out if there are other
angles to it is other ways to come at it.
The only unconfusing thing is when I have an idea in the tank and it seems like
I got it.
I got to get out of the tank and then they got to write things down.
And you need a special pad in the packets.
I think I need a voice activated recorder.
I think that's a good idea.
Yeah,
I think that's what I need where I can just talk.
Yeah.
Okay.
So I need the tank.
You need it.
I have the spa.
You have a spa.
Um,
I need a hill to run on hills are good.
I got,
I need more of my Onnit products.
Do you lift weights at all?
Uh,
no.
I,
I have an idea to do a little bit of something just to keep your body strong.
It's like as you get older,
your body atrophies and there's just no way around it,
especially if you're not using it.
And,
yeah,
the only way to keep it from atrophying is to make sure that you put it under
stress.
You have to lift weights and it's the only way it keeps your bone density,
keeps your tendon strength,
your muscle strength.
There's no other way,
you know?
And otherwise he's getting injuries.
People get back into the reason arm injuries and shit just starts falling apart
on you.
See,
I've had no injuries due to not doing anything.
That's how I've been protecting my,
my,
my body.
But yes,
I do know that.
That's the thing to do.
I remember I always heard about Clint Eastwood doing that and I met Clint
Eastwood when he was like 80.
And I know he's like,
he lifts heavy weights.
That's his thing.
It's like heavyweights.
And he was a truck at 80.
Yeah.
And so,
uh,
but I don't like,
lifting things.
I don't even like counting,
counting,
hire a trainer.
Yeah.
You know,
get someone to devise a program.
Yeah.
Have them come to you,
work you out.
You don't have to do shit.
You just show up.
You know,
like you could do it in your house.
They show up at 6:00 AM or whenever it is,
and like,
come on John,
I got you for the next 45 minutes.
And you're like,
all right,
here we go.
And just make,
when you hate that stuff really is tough when you haven't built your brain to
love it.
I've been playing a lot of tennis lately as a way to way great wake up and uh,
but I do know that I need to do it,
but man,
it is when you're like of the mindset that when the trainer comes,
you want to punch him in the face.
It's a tough,
it's a tough thing.
Yeah.